Update current phase of Lisk SDK - Closes 6997 (#7031)
LiskHQ/lisk-sdk: sdk/README.md

![Jenkins Coverage](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/coverage/cobertura?jobUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fjenkins.lisk.com%2Fjob%2Flisk-sdk%2Fjob%2Fdevelopment)
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

## Sapphire phase [<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-sapphire.png" style="width:24px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap)

We have completed [Emerald phase](https://lisk.com/roadmap)[<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-emerald.png" style="width:20px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap) that encapsulates improvement in the key areas of network security and reliability, economics, consensus, and longevity, whereby a new address system, a new fee system, and upgrading the consensus algorithm to an improved version of DPoS were successfully completed. During the Emerald phase all protocol improvements in form of 36 Lisk Improvement Proposals (LIPs) were researched, published and are implemented in Lisk SDK.

> We are currently working on [Sapphire phase](https://lisk.com/roadmap)[<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-sapphire.png" style="width:20px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap) that brings the [Lisk interoperability solution blog](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) which is fully researched and all Lisk Improvement Proposals (LIPs) are published and currently being actively developed. It consists of 8 roadmap objectives,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently working on [Sapphire phase](https://lisk.com/roadmap)[<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-sapphire.png" style="width:20px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap) that brings the [Lisk interoperability solution](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) which is fully researched and all Lisk Improvement Proposals (LIPs) are published and currently being actively developed. It consists of 8 roadmap objectives,
```

> We are currently working on [Sapphire phase](https://lisk.com/roadmap)[<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-sapphire.png" style="width:20px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap) that brings the [Lisk interoperability solution blog](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) which is fully researched and all Lisk Improvement Proposals (LIPs) are published and currently being actively developed. It consists of 8 roadmap objectives,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are currently working on [Sapphire phase](https://lisk.com/roadmap)[<img src="https://lisk.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/ico-sapphire.png" style="width:20px;vertical-align:middle">](https://lisk.com/roadmap) which is summarized in the [Lisk interoperability solution blog.](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) All related Lisk Improvement Proposals (LIPs) are published and currently being actively developed. It consists of 8 roadmap objectives.
```

Author: sapphire phase is not summarised in Lisk interoperability solution blog but it is part of sapphire phase. Adding the rest of the suggested code in separate commit

Reviewer 2: Ok the sentence just reads strange. How does a phase "bring a blog", not sure if it is grammatically or semantically correct.

Author: Like i said, the sentence is partially updated, please check the commit, there is no "blog"

Reviewer 2: I see that you fixed it now. Good work!

Reviewer 2: Actually it still reads strangely. Instead of the word "brings" I suggest "implements" or another word.

Author: since it is researched, designed and implemented, i thought it will be better to use "brings", I'll update it anyways

- Define cross-chain messaging protocol
- Define sidechain registration and lifecycle
- Introduce token standards for the Lisk ecosystem
- Introduce alternative validator selection mechanism for sidechains
- Enhance signature scheme
- Define state model and state root
- Update Lisk-BFT for interoperability
- Update block header format

> To learn more about the Lisk Interoperability and the current development status, check out [Lisk Improvement Proposal](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips), [Research Forum](https://research.lisk.com/), [Lisk interoperability solution blog](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) and [development board](https://github.com/orgs/LiskHQ/projects/10/views/4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the Lisk Interoperability and the current development status, check out [Lisk Improvement Proposal](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips), [Research Forum](https://research.lisk.com/), [Lisk interoperability solution blog](https://lisk.com/blog/research/lisk-interoperability-solution-published) and [Lisk SDK v6.0.0 project board](https://github.com/orgs/LiskHQ/projects/10/views/4).
```
